README.md, before:

# Code Version 2.0

The [official site for the book](codev2.cc/) only offers a PDF. There are some epub versions available around the web, notably [on archive.org](https://archive.org/details/Code2.0/), but the formatting is not great. This repo is my attempt to convert that PDF into an epub with reasonably good formatting. 

## Progress

As of `v0.16.4`, the book is essentially complete. `v1.0.0` will likely be released soon.

## Known issues

- The index references page numbers from the source PDF, but these are meaningless in an .epub file. I don't see any straightforward way to deal with this.

## Acknowledgements

- Lawrence Lessig for writing the original book, and all the contributors to the wiki that resulted in V2.
- [Poppler](https://poppler.freedesktop.org/) for the original `pdftohtml` utility that I started the translation with.

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

The original work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 Generic License</a>, which [is compatible](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/licensing-considerations/compatible-licenses) with CC BY-SA 4.0.

Commit message:

Add Gruppo font for headings

README.md, after:

# Code Version 2.0

The [official site for the book](codev2.cc/) only offers a PDF. There are some epub versions available around the web, notably [on archive.org](https://archive.org/details/Code2.0/), but the formatting is not great. This repo is my attempt to convert that PDF into an epub with reasonably good formatting. 

## Progress

As of `v0.16.5`, the book is essentially complete. `v1.0.0` will likely be released soon.

## Known issues

- The index references page numbers from the source PDF, but these are meaningless in an .epub file. I don't see any straightforward way to deal with this.
- The PDF appears to be using the [Missive](https://www.fonts.com/font/t-26/missive/missive) font by T-26 for headings. This font is non-free, so we cannot use it here. This edition uses [Gruppo](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Gruppo).

## Acknowledgements

- Lawrence Lessig for writing the original book, and all the contributors to the wiki that resulted in V2.
- [Poppler](https://poppler.freedesktop.org/) for the original `pdftohtml` utility that I started the translation with.

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

The original work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 Generic License</a>, which [is compatible](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/licensing-considerations/compatible-licenses) with CC BY-SA 4.0.

The [Gruppo](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Gruppo) font used for headings is licensed under the [Open Font Licens (OFL)](https://opensource.org/licenses/OFL-1.1).
